MALE NARRATOR:
Previously on Prison Break:
I didn't kill that man. Michael.
The evidence says you did.
I was set up.
(GUN FIRES)
Put down your weapon.
I find it incumbent that you
see the inside of a prison cell.
MICHAEL: I'm
looking for someone.
A guy named Lincoln Burrows.
SUCRE: Man killed the
Vice President's brother.
Why you want to see
Burrows so bad anyhow?
MICHAEL: Because
he's my brother.
I'm getting you out of here.
It's impossible.
Not if you designed
the place. it isn't.
You've seen the
blueprints. Better than that.
I've got them on me.
You find out who's
trying to bury him.
Nobody's trying to bury him.
The evidence was cooked.
There's a lawyer poking around.
Anyone that's a
threat is expendable.
BELLICK: Scofield.
Found you a new cellie.
Haywire. get in here.
Someone found Fibonacci.
Who was this someone?
Now. where is Fibonacci?
I give you that
information. I'm a dead man.
Three.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
On your feet.
What time is it?
BELLICK: Get up.
LINCOLN: What's going on?
Let's go. Lincoln. On your feet.
No! Bellick!
Come on. Move it.
Bellick! Bellick!
No! Bellick! Bellick!
No. no!
Bellick. where you taking...
Bellick. no!
No. Bellick. no. Bellick. no.
I got a month left. Please!
No. Bellick!
Bellick. no!
Bellick. please. Pull it up!
No! No! I got a
month left! Please!
Bellick!
(MUTTERING)
Please. Bellick.
(HYPERVENTILATING)
(PANTING)
Make your peace. Lincoln.
Let's get on with it.
(CELL DOOR OPENS)
GUARD: Open on 40!
Close 40.
Haywire. you ever
thought of breaking out?
What the hell
would I do out there?
Not be here.
Halfway houses.
Psych visits. Meds.
Checking in with a PO.
Urine tests.
Keeping a job.
No.
Why you ask?
This guy was talking about
it in the yard yesterday.
I didn't know what to say.
Tell Officer Bellick.
(SCOFFS)
He'll make life
easy for you if. uh...
If what?
Your tattoos.
What about them?
What are they of?
No. no. no. What... what are
they? Like some kind of a...
They're just tattoos.
(TAPS ON CELL)
Candy time. Haywire.
They think I have schizoaffective
disorder with bipolar tendencies.
They think you got it?
Whatever.
I take the pills to keep
the quacks off my back.
Bye. now.
Get out of the way.
You know. maybe they give you
(TOILET FLUSHING)
those things for a reason.
Yeah.
To keep me dull.
To keep me in their
invisible freaking handcuffs.
Seriously. though. those
tattoos. they're beautiful.
You mind if I. you know.
look at the whole thing?
I do. actually.
Why?
MAN: Door. Stand clear.
Does there need to be a reason?
Sucre.
I'm not even
talking to you. man.
(PRISONERS CHATTERING)
ABRUZZI: What's the problem?
Nothing I can't handle.
Well. I knew there
was a problem.
I could tell by looking at
you from across the yard.
Guys. didn't I say
there was a problem?
So. what's the problem?
You're looking at it.
What. Haywire? Yep.
He's my new cellmate.
That's a problem.
He doesn't sleep.
So when do you dig?
I don't.
Hey. you and I are in bed now.
You made me a promise. You said
that we were gonna
get out of here.
You renege now.
and I'm gonna cut you.
So you better take
care of your business.
or I will take care of you.
Have a nice day.
It's really coming
together. isn't it?
Yep. You think it'll
be done in time?
Well.
I figure we still have the interior
alcoves and pilasters to do.
which is no small
task. But. yes.
I think so.
Listen. I have to say. I...
I really appreciate all the
effort that you put into this. Uh...
I wish there was
some way I could.
you know. pay you or something.
There is one thing
you could do for me.
My cellmate.
Ah. the inimitable
Charles Patoshik. Haywire.
Then you know.
Hold it right there.
Officer Bellick is in
charge of cell transfers.
You're gonna have to
talk to him about that.
I tried. but he seems to
think we're a good match.
Did he threaten you? Who?
Haywire or Bellick?
Unfortunately. unless there's
some evidence of violence
or sexual predation
between cellmates.
those kinds of requests fall
on deaf ears around here.
The prison system's
a little too crowded
for requests based
on personality.
It's not exactly
Sandals out there.
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
Warden. sorry.
Your wife is here.
What?
She's not supposed
to be here till 4:00.
Becky. do not let her come in
here under any circumstances.
She's not supposed to see
this until our anniversary.
I'll be right out.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Hi. sweetheart.
You're early.
Uh.
Let's go eat.
You're acting funny.
I am? What's going on in there?
Oh. just going over some files.
Becky said you
were in a meeting.
This isn't Toledo
all over again. is it?
Toledo?
How can you say that?
Then you won't mind if I look.
Uh. Judy...
Warden. I'm not going
to be able to cooperate.
I'd get killed if I did.
Johnson's still deciding.
Then you and I are done.
You should've just told me.
Well. you... you know
how anxious I get
when you come
around the inmates.
Becky. have a
guard escort Johnson
back to his cell. I'll
deal with him later.
Come on. let's go eat.
What are you doing
here? I'm your attorney.
I'm representing you now.
Hmm.
If that's all right with you.
Last time I saw you.
you called me a liar.
Things have changed.
I believe you now.
I got in touch with Crab
Simmons' ex-girlfriend. Leticia.
She corroborated your story.
Will she testify?
She's missing.
I don't know. I think the
Secret Service got to her.
Secret Service?
They've been poking around.
As soon as they show
up. she disappears.
What do you think happened?
Oh.
I didn't realize it was
that high up. you know.
Do you know what
we're up against?
I know it's a lot more than either
of us can handle on our own.
Project Justice.
Why have I heard of them?
All they handle is
death penalty cases.
There's a guy there. Ben Forsik.
I sent him copies
of everything I had.
I mean. you can go there.
tell him what you found.
Maybe. it'll be enough
to bring them on board.
Okay.
So. how's Sebastian?
What do you mean?
Well. you being here. I mean.
is he cool with it?
I haven't talked to him.
The. um.
engagement's off.
Oh.
Sorry.
You could at least say
that like you mean it.
I do.
God. you always
were a lousy liar.
Hmm.
Yeah.
I'd better get to
Project Justice.
Veronica.
Thank you.
I didn't have a whole lot left.
You can thank me when
I get you out of here.
(DOOR BUZZING)
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
Baby. it's me. Are you there?
Hello? Are you there?
Hey. if she is. she obviously
don't want to talk to you.
(PRISONERS CHATTERING)
PRISONER: That dude
right there. right there.
It's Wednesday. babe.
You're gonna come
around today. right?
Look. I gotta hang up now.
I gotta go back in the block.
but you're gonna
be here today. right?
I'm your man.
baby. and I love you.
I do.
(MAN CHATTERING ON LOUDSPEAKER)
(INMATES CHATTERING)
It's a pattern.
What did you say?
Your tattoo. it's a pattern.
You're seeing things.
Putting him in with Haywire
is a low blow. Deputy.
What? The shrinks cleared
Haywire for reentry into Gen Pop.
Besides. he's so
doped up on meds.
he's like a kitten these days.
A kitten who murdered
both his parents.
With all due respect. sir.
if you give Scofield
preferential treatment.
it'll undermine
your credibility.
Look. I know you got
a soft spot for the guy
because he's got
brains in his head.
and he's helping you with
that contraption in there.
But the guy's a
violent criminal.
He deserves punishment just
as much as the rest of these guys.
You have been here
long enough to know
that I'm less interested
in punishment
than I am in rehabilitation.
And sticking him in with Haywire
is not rehabilitation
in my book.
You delegated authority
over Gen Pop to me. boss.
I know I did.
Well. then you either
gotta let me do my job
or pass it on to somebody else.
Now. Brad. go easy.
There's a reason I'm giving
you more and more responsibility.
When I retire.
I'm recommending
you to take my place.
Don't make me regret it.
All I'm saying is take another
look at the Scofield situation.
I trust your judgment.
Yes. sir.
(PRISONERS CHATTERING)
Whoa. whoa. whoa. wait. Hold up.
This is supposed to
be an open visitation.
Why are we doing it
here? Ask your visitor.
What are you doing
here? Where's Maricruz?
She's not gonna be coming
around here anymore.
Is she hurt?
No. no. She's fine.
she's fine. She's just. uh...
She's with me now.
She's with you now?
This is a joke. right?
No. She made a decision. man.
She decided she
needed stability.
She's gonna get that from you?
Look. look. you can think
whatever you want about me.
But. uh...
I'm not the one who's in prison.
See.
I actually can do
something for her.
And she wanted me to stop
by here and talk to you first.
you know. in case you got mad...
(SHOUTING IN SPANISH)
GUARD: We have a big problem.
You just proved my point.
You're a con.
And that's all you'll ever be.
(DOOR CLOSES)
Make it quick.
Yeah. He's. uh. right in here.
Take a walk. Choppy.
Scofield.
You're in a restricted area.
I'm doing yard work for PI.
We need some fertilizer.
Then why are you in
the masonry section?
Oh. by the way.
how's the foot?
(GROANS)
Don't ever go around
me to the Pope again.
Now. move.
(MAN CHATTERING)
You know what. Haywire?
I don't think we're
going to work out.
And since I was here first.
I think you should go.
I crapped myself
once in junior high.
During... during PE. we
were playing badminton.
and I knew I was
going to have to walk
past a bunch of the
other students to.
you know. get back
to the locker room.
And so.
I just started walking.
And I tried to make fun of it.
you know. before
anyone else did.
So I turned around behind me
and I said. "Look.
I have a tail."
(HAYWIRE CHUCKLES)
(TOILET FLUSHING)
I just shared a secret with you.
Now it's your turn.
You want to know
what the tattoos mean?
Yeah. Nothing.
MAN: Go. gentlemen.
Move it.
ABRUZZI: Hey. Fish.
Making any progress?
With Sleeping Beauty back
there. or with the digging?
Either.
No.
But I know what to do.
Oh. yeah?
The problem is
you don't got the stugots
to do it.
MAN: Abruzzi. let's go.
See you.
(MAN CHATTERING)
MAN: Get over here.
Yeah? Really?
Well. tell the crazy
son of a bitch I said hi.
Wrap it up. How about Aunt Ruth?
She out of the
hospital yet? Wrap it up.
Hold on. Ma.
Bite me.
Okay.
we got a problem now. man.
Let's handle it then.
(CHUCKLING)
Just what I thought.
(PHONE RINGING)
Hello.
Maricruz? It's me. Baby.
what the hell is going on?
SUCRE: What's the
deal with you and Hector?
When were you gonna tell me?
Tell you what? That Rita
Saldana's been visiting you.
What? MARICRUZ: Yeah.
Hector told me.
Hector told you.
Of course he told you. Baby.
that guy's a snake. He's a liar.
Why would he lie?
Well. why would he lie?
Because he's been
trying to get into your pants
since the minute we
started dating. that's why.
You know what?
I don't know what to believe.
Me. mami. Believe me.
Yeah. while I wait by
the phone twice a week.
Baby. where is this coming from?
I don't know.
(SIGHING)
Look. there's just
so many things.
Yesterday I went
to Teresa's house
and I saw her baby.
Is that what this is about?
You think your clock is ticking?
Well. I am going to
be 30 in a few years.
Baby. you're 25.
You want to get pregnant.
let's get pregnant right now.
Baby. you know I can't
get pregnant till I marry you.
We're gonna get
married in 16 months.
Yeah. well. Hector says that if
something goes wrong in there.
that you could serve
your full sentence.
I can't wait 10 years.
I can't wait 10 years. baby.
I'm gonna be out in 16 months.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Okay. well. what if
something does happen. huh?
Baby. I can't wait that long.
I can't.
I'm sorry. I gotta go.
Hello? Wait. Hello?
Hel...
BEN: Even if Leticia
Barris turned up again.
her testimony
would be worthless.
By and large. most
junkies with criminal records
don't shine on the stand.
Maybe. But I just found all this
out in the past couple of days.
I'm confident that I can
find out a whole lot more
now that I'm devoting
all my time to the case.
The Secret Service
agent who came to visit you
when Leticia was in your office.
what did he want? Nick. please.
You've gotta understand.
Miss Donovan.
unless there's new information
you can provide for us.
we've already reviewed
Mr. Burrows' case thoroughly.
Do you have any new evidence?
No. but I... But.
That is effectively what
you're telling us. right?
I need to clarify here.
Yes. that is what
I'm telling you.
But look. Mr. Forsik.
you don't need
to point out what I don't have.
I am well aware of that.
I'm here asking for your help
because I don't think an
innocent man should be killed
for something he didn't do.
And I believe
that's what it says
on your mission
statement in the lobby.
We get thousands of
requests for representation.
I'm sure you do... And I
have to decide which cases
we're going to devote our
very limited resources to.
I will do all of the
legwork. Mr. Forsik.
But since I don't have any
experience in death penalty cases.
I'm just asking you to point
me in the right direction.
(SIGHING)
Please.
I'm sorry.
We just don't have the manpower.
Thank you for your time.
(PHONE DIALING)
(PHONE RINGING)
She's just leaving now.
Figure it'll take her
at least a half hour
to get across
town in this traffic.
We're not going to need
nearly that much time.
I've turned up
quite a bit already.
(PRISONERS CHATTERING)
Hey. have you
seen my toothpaste?
It was right here.
Haven't seen it.
I always put it in
the same place.
I'm sure it'll turn up.
GUARD: Lights out in 10 minutes.
(RIPPING)
The tattoos. there's a maze.
Get away from me.
I need to see them. I just...
You gotta show them to me.
It's pulling me in. I said.
get away from me.
Okay.
He's got a maze on his skin.
The man's got a
maze on his skin.
Why?
Why would he do that? Why?
Why would he put
a maze on his skin?
I don't know. Ow!
MAN ON P.A.: All
inmates in the yard.
(MAN ON P.A. CHATTERING)
All inmates in the yard.
How are your contacts
in Chemical Lockup?
Depends. Who's asking?
I need a bottle of
Drain Line Root Control.
Sooner than later.
You got weeds
growing in your cell?
Just one.
WESTON: You the one
who's looking for me?
Yeah. I wanted to ask
you some questions
about the Lincoln Burrows case.
Yeah? I'm Veronica Donovan.
I'm representing
Lincoln on his appeal.
What about it?
You were the first one to
respond to Lincoln's apartment
the night of the murder.
right? That's right.
Look. I'd really
appreciate it if you could
just tell me exactly
what you saw.
Dispatch called in with a tip
that Burrows was seen running
from the garage where they
found Terrence Steadman.
So we went over
to Burrows' place.
We spread out. I
took the bathroom.
That's where I saw your client
washing out the bloody pants.
WESTON: Police! Hands up!
I don't need to tell you it
was Steadman's blood. do I?
In the report that you
typed up that night.
you said that you saw Lincoln
standing in the bathroom. That's all.
Later. you testified
that you saw him
washing the pants.
Which one is it?
Does it matter?
Did you actually see him
washing the pants or not?
Yes.
He stood up. turned around.
his hands were all wet.
looking guilty as hell.
Your testimony factored into his
conviction. You know that. right?
Oh. you know. lady.
if you got any other questions.
just go through the department.
Miss Donovan.
Huh.
I... I didn't mean to scare you.
What are you doing here?
Nick Savrinn with...
with Project Justice.
I know who you are. but
what are you doing here?
Look. my boss may not think
Lincoln's case is worth
looking into. but I do.
ABRUZZI: There's a quicker
way to take care of the problem.
There's smarter ways. too.
GUARD: Lights out in 10 minutes.
10 minutes. Lights
out in 10 minutes.
What stood out for me was
that most death penalty cases
take 10 years to
exhaust all appeals.
Lincoln got there in three.
So for it to be expedited.
there had to have been some
sort of political influence. right?
Well. given that Terrence Steadman
is the Vice President's brother.
that's not too hard to believe.
How. though? They
got to every judge
that rejected Lincoln's appeal?
It doesn't take a judge.
All it takes is a little special
attention from one of his clerks.
But how Lincoln got fast-tracked
doesn't interest me. It's why.
If he was set up. then why?
I think the answer to
that might lie in the victim.
What do we know? That he
was the CEO of Ecofield. right?
That he was pushing
alternative energy.
Successfully pushing
So oil companies. the Saudis.
even our own government.
a lot of people stood to benefit
with Steadman
out of the picture.
Why did you wait till
now to take up this case?
I thought he did it.
like everybody else.
I just hope it's not too late.
It very well may be.
You need to prepare
yourself for that.
What about you?
Why death penalty work?
My father did 15 years for
a crime he didn't commit.
I know firsthand that when the
government gets you in their crosshairs
you stand very little chance.
That's why.
Now. do you want my help?
(PRISONERS CHATTERING)
I want back in. Too late.
I'll do anything you
need. See these hands?
They're digging
machines. You want to go
to China? I'll get
you to China. Fish.
I'll dig like a psychotic
rodent if I have to.
Fish. I gotta be back in.
As of right now. there is no in.
Van Gogh over there's
my new cellmate.
But you're gonna do
something about it. right?
You're gonna get rid of
him. I'll do what's necessary.
You're my boy.
(LAUGHING)
So. how you gonna do it?
Well. let's just
put it this way.
Someone's going to get hurt.
(PHONE RINGING)
WOMAN: How did
we miss this. guys?
Scofield's father was out of the
picture by the time he was born.
He took his mother's
maiden name.
All right. Scofield
had no priors
and a full-time
job as an engineer.
KELLERMAN: Correct.
Then he goes and robs a bank.
discharging a gun in the process
so that at sentencing he could
maneuver his way to Fox River
where his brother's scheduled
to die in less than a month.
Obviously. something's up.
With all due respect.
brothers are incarcerated
together all over the country.
It may just be a coincidence.
Move on the younger brother.
Do it preemptively
before anything rises up.
bites any of us in the ass.
GUARD: All right.
let's move it along!
Let's look alive!
It's a pathway.
Where does it lead?
Where are you taking me?
What are you. nuts?
Officer!
I need an officer!
Shut up!
What the hell's the
problem down here?
What? Son of a bitch.
Open up on 40.
He's got the pathway on
his body. It leads somewhere.
Back off. Haywire.
No. look. Look at his
tattoos. It's a pathway.
Haywire. I said back
off. You want a hot shot?
I'm telling you. look at...
Back off!
Let's go!
Get him out of
here! It leads to hell!
It's a pathway to hell!
He's taking us all to hell!
(BUZZING)
So. the gang's all
back together again.
Well. ain't that swell?
Told you not to go
around me to the Pope.
But you just keep
making waves. don't you?
Good to be back. man.
Good to have you back.
So. when do we get started?
Good afternoon. Mr. Scofield.
MICHAEL: Hello.
How you feeling today?
Pretty good.
What happened?
Uh.
caught an elbow
playing basketball.
Uh-huh.
Mind if I take a look?
By all means.
You know you're going
to get killed in here. right.
if you're not careful?
I'll make you a bet.
When I get out of here alive.
I'll take you to dinner.
Lunch. Cup of coffee.
Michael. this um.
this charm act
could be exactly what's getting
you into trouble out in the yard.
Lean forward.
All right.
so you went to
the parking garage.
Terrence Steadman
is already dead.
That's right.
You saw that. and
you ran. Took the gun.
Dumped the gun.
Where? Storm drain.
Van Buren and Wells.
Nobody ever found it.
What do you do after that?
You go back to your apartment?
Yeah.
I was freaking out. trying to
figure out what had happened.
Then I saw the
bloody pants in the tub.
The cops. they busted in
a minute after I got there.
The pants. the ones with
Steadman's blood on them.
First cop on the scene says he
saw you washing them in the bathtub.
He's lying. My hands were wet
after splashing water on my face.
Police! Let's see
your hands! Hands up!
I never touched those pants.
Which brings us back to the gun.
The one you said you dumped.
It was planted. It's the only
way it could've got there.
Ballistics matched
it to a slug that was...
The gun was
planted. it was planted.
Just like the pants.
Your fingerprints
were all over the gun.
Bo.
Who's Bo?
He's the guy who
arranged everything.
Had me come around
the night before.
tried a few guns. see
which one felt right.
And that was the
setup right there.
One of those must've
been the murder weapon.
Then that's how they got
my fingerprints on the gun.
Had to be.
NICK: All right.
so this... this Bo.
uh. he coerces
you into doing this.
all to clear a $90.000 debt?
He was gonna kill my son.
Well?
A lot of "I didn't do its." and
those don't count for much.
The security tape. the one that
shows Lincoln pulling the trigger.
you've got it. right? Yeah.
If Lincoln's telling the
truth. then that tape is lying.
I think we should have a
look. Decide for ourselves.
You're clear.
If the chemicals can eat
through the iron pipes.
how come they can't eat
through the toothpaste tube?
It's only when the
chemicals are combined
that they become a corrosive.
You studied chemistry
or something?
Not in school.
But what you're doing
up there in the infirmary.
what has that got to do
with what we're doing here?
Getting through this
wall is just the beginning.
There's a whole
lot of real estate
in between here
and the outside walls.
The infirmary's the closest
building to those walls.
And the weakest link
in the security chain.
Cool.
I think I've removed
enough grout to bust through.
I'm going to need you
to make some noise.
(SINGING IN SPANISH)
Is that the best you can do?
Have some faith. papi.
have some faith.
(SINGING IN SPANISH)
INMATE: Shut up!
(INMATES CHATTERING)
(BUZZING)
(SUCRE SINGING IN SPANISH)
INMATE: Shut up!
Not one more word!
Next inmate that opens
his mouth goes in the hole!
We're good.
You okay?
Work.
It's fine.
(DOORBELL RINGS)
I got it.
Everything all right?
Couldn't be better.
Do you want to come in?
We just sat down to eat.
No. I just wanted to stop
by to tell you in person.
Problem solved.
What's this?
That is a transfer request.
Michael Scofield is
getting shipped out
tomorrow.
Have a good night.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm